Debate Impact
================
Cassie Coulter, Sophia Miller, Emily Halford, Troy Layouni
11/6/2019

## Group Members and Tentative Title

This project team is comprised of Cassie Coulter (cc4347), Sophia Miller
(sm4594), Emily Halford (eah2212), and Troy Layouni (tal2145). Our
tentative title is Factors Influencing Polling Performance in the 2020
Election Democratic Primary.

## Project Motivation

There is an important presidential election occurring next year, and we
are interested in seeing how Democratic polling has progressed through
the primary process.

## Intended Final Products

We will create a website with a index page including information about
our project, the Democratic Primary, and a screencast of our project. We
will also have topic-specific pages including further explanations on
predictors (such as endorsement, debate performance, etc.) and possibly
candidate-specific information. Finally, we will have a dashboard that
visualizes polling performance predictors.

## Anticipated Data Sources

Our anticipated data sources include 538 (a polling data source) and
Google Trends to determine candidate name searches. We will also use the
New York Times to get data on how long candidates spoke for during
debates, what topics they discussed, and any associated key words.

## Planned Analyses, Visualizations, and Coding Challenges

We are planning on looking at various factors that influence polling
performance including major campaign events and debate performance. We
will use poll data and Google Search data to evaluate these influences.

Our planned visualizations are primarily line graphs showing polling
information and Google Search data over time. Once we have a better
understanding of the available debate-specific data, we will pick debate
variables such as total speaking time or key words used to visualize as
well.

The main coding challenge that we are anticipating is figuring out how
to scrape data from the New York Times. Additionally, the plots we will
produce will probably be more invovled than those that we’ve produced
for class previously, so producing very user-friendly and complex plots
will likely be challenging.

## Timeline

We plan to have have data fully compiled by 11/13/19. We’ll aim to
complete necessary coding by 11/20/19, visualizations by 11/26/19, the
written report by 12/2/19, and the screencast by 12/4/19.
